Hello guys.
Welcome to this video.
We are really honored that you took one of our courses and if you faced any problem or any issue in
this course again you just need to add a discussion and we will answer to your discussion as soon as
possible and do the few guys who have already enrolled in some of my courses.
You guys know that I always reply to your questions as soon as I see your question.
And in this video what do you want to show you guys is we have currently we have only six courses and
we are getting more courses and I'm not the only one who is getting these courses.
We have two more instructors who are creating courses with me.
We are currently three instructors were grading these courses.
And you guys can pick any of these courses only for nine dollars.
Okay.
You don't need to pay all of this price all these high price you can only be in line dollar and you
can take any courses nine dollar okay.
This offer is only for those students who are already enrolled in my courses.
All you need to do is apply a coupon code the coupon code is nine for you.
Okay so let me show you how you can do that.
For example you are enrolled in this course and now you want to enroll in this blog and nutrition course
I'm gonna open this this method that I'm going to show you is same for the rest of the courses.
Okay.
Now when this big lords make sure this boy page is totally loaded okay.
Otherwise it will go to the other page.
Okay.
Now click on redeem a coupon low again make sure this book page is fully loaded.
Then click on redeem a coupon.
Okay.
Now here in this box you need to enter the coupon code.
The coupon code is named for you.
Okay.
And now what you need to do is only be a nine dollar and click on Apply and it will apply this coupon
code.
See now you only need to be in nine dollars.
So this method is same for the other courses for example you want to take.
Now this Ajax course okay and the method is same let the page loaded.
No click on redeem a coupon.
And here apply the coupon code the coupon code is a line for you.
You apply it is applied.
Now please contact this course and you will only charge you nine dollars and you can see all of my these
courses have very good ratings and a lot of positive reviews vulnerable on this Ajax course.
You can see these are amazing reviews.
They are just people left who just took this course and it has netted seven five star rating three four
star rating.
Only one two star ratings.
All of these rating are almost 90 similar.
Okay.
And five stars.
So the purpose of this video is you don't need to pay the full price of any course.
OK.
You can only be in nine dollars if you are already enrolled in any of these courses.
So thank you guys for watching this video and I hope you must have learned something in this course.
And you look forward to what some other courses of mine.
And we are also creating some other amazing courses and we're going to upload right now.
OK.
So thank you guys for watching this video.
I will see you in some other course.
OK.
If you are in Raleigh any of these and make sure if you have any questions.
Make sure you had a discussion okay.
Are ask a personal question on udemy.
And we will reply to you as soon as I see them.
OK so thank you for watching this video.
I will see you in some other video or in some other course.
Okay.
Bye bye.
Take care.